_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_pic_2023.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>1723 Murray Avenue,</p>
    <p>Pittsburgh, PA, 15217</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a first‑year Ph.D. student in Robotics at Carnegie Mellon University advised by [Zac Manchester](rexlab.ri.cmu.edu) and a research intern at the [Robotics and AI Institute](https://rai-inst.com) working with [Simon Le Cleac'h](https://simon-lc.github.io), [Preston Culbertson](https://pculbertson.github.io), and [Jiuguang Wang](https://www.robo.guru). Previously, I received a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from [Gerogia Tech](https://www.gatech.edu) and a M.S. in Robotics from [CMU](https://www.cmu.edu).

<!-- add section title -->
## research
I'm broadly interested in modeling and decision-making for robotic systems through the lens of numerical optimization and machine learning. In particular, my work has focused on accelerating numerical methods for solving challenging tasks such as humanoid control and whole-body dexterity.

<!-- centered email, github, twitter, and cv links -->
[email](mailto:johnzhang@cmu.edu) / [cv](/assets//pdf/John_Zhang_CV.pdf) / [github](https://github.com/johnzhang3) / [google scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=6YaGzpwAAAAJ) / [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-zhang-01) / [x](https://twitter.com/johnzhangx)

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder. -->

<!-- Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically. -->

<!-- Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->

Commit message:

Update biography in about page: add Master's thesis link and refine research focus

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_pic_2023.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>1723 Murray Avenue,</p>
    <p>Pittsburgh, PA, 15217</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a first‑year Ph.D. student in Robotics at Carnegie Mellon University advised by [Zac Manchester](rexlab.ri.cmu.edu) and a research intern at the [Robotics and AI Institute](https://rai-inst.com) working with [Simon Le Cleac'h](https://simon-lc.github.io), [Preston Culbertson](https://pculbertson.github.io), and [Jiuguang Wang](https://www.robo.guru). Previously, I received a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from [Gerogia Tech](https://www.gatech.edu) and a M.S. in Robotics from [CMU](https://www.cmu.edu). My Master's thesis can be found [here](https://www.ri.cmu.edu/app/uploads/2024/08/CMU_MSR_Thesis-2.pdf).

<!-- add section title -->
## research
I'm broadly interested in modeling and decision-making for robotic systems through the lens of numerical optimization and machine learning. In particular, my current work focuses on accelerating numerical methods for solving challenging tasks such as humanoid control and whole-body dexterity.

<!-- centered email, github, twitter, and cv links -->
[email](mailto:johnzhang@cmu.edu) / [cv](/assets//pdf/John_Zhang_CV.pdf) / [github](https://github.com/johnzhang3) / [google scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=6YaGzpwAAAAJ) / [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-zhang-01) / [x](https://twitter.com/johnzhangx)

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder. -->

<!-- Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically. -->

<!-- Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->
